What is the sausage method?
Hey, it's 12 o'clock every night.
He came to my house on time and knocked on the door.
Then we
500 on that straw.
Use words to pay off debt
What are you doing with such a wicked thing?
Oops, what happened later?
How did he die?
You killed him
No, no, no, how could I possibly kill him?
If I kill him, who will pay my debt?
Then how did he become a female ghost?
Tell the truth or he'll come to you again
I say I say
Later, the emperor took a fancy to him
Said to let you accompany him at night
I went with him
Who knew I wasn't a pervert either?
She raped him that night.
Cut off the head
Oh, dear.
What a sin
Since then?
Come and knock on my door at 12 o'clock every night
Hey, this is the station.
You said it wasn't me who killed him
Why are you pestering me?
What does it have to do with me?
Are you right?
Even if you didn't kill him
He also died because of you
You can't even cross and dry to death. He's not looking for you. Who are you looking for?
Then seventh uncle, hurry up and chase me
I literally get killed by them every night.
I can help you too.
But you have to promise me one condition.